Security focused alternative image (#2526)
livebook-dev/livebook: README.md

    iframe. Set it to "true" to enable it. If you do enable it, then the application
    must run with HTTPS.

>   * `LIVEBOOK_FIPS` - if set to "true" will try to set the fips mode on startup. See more details in the [docker fips documentation.](fips.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `LIVEBOOK_FIPS` - if set to "true" will try to enable the FIPS mode on startup.
    See more details in [the documentation](https://hexdocs.pm/livebook/fips.html).
```
